# logtool
A utility to control the built-in logger for services.

The *logtool* utility connects to running services to control their built-in
logging subsystem.

## Usage
*Logtool* supports several sub-commands. There are many command-line flags
which provide parameters for these sub-commands. The most commonly used
parameter is `-loggerHostname` which specifies the service instance to control.
At startup, *logtool* will read parameters from the
`~/.config/logtool/flags.default` and `~/.config/logtool/flags.extra` files.
These are simple `name=value` pairs. The basic usage pattern is:

```
logtool [flags...] command [args...]
```

Built-in help is available with the command:

```
logtool -h
```

Some of the sub-commands available are:

- **debug**: inject a debug log message at the specified level
- **print**: inject a log message
- **set-debug-level**: set the debug logging level for service to the level
                       specified
- **watch**: watch for subsequent log messages generated by the service and
             write to stdout. Debug messages above the specified level are
             shown. If the *loggerHostname* FQDN resolves to multiple addresses
             all instances will be connected to and their logs displayed

## Security
The various services in this ecosystem restrict RPC access using TLS client
authentication. *Logtool* will load certificate and key files from the
`~/.ssl` directory. *Logtool* will present these certificates to the
service. If one of the certificates is signed by a certificate authority
that the service trusts, the service will grant access.
